in this video we're going to show you
how to change the fuel on a 96 neon the
first thing you'll want to do is
disconnect the battery cable and then
you go along the side the fuel pump is
located in front of the back wheel on
the passenger side you get down
underneath take a light and you'll see a
great big ring this ring right here
that's about six-and-a-half inches or so
and that is the nut that holds the fuel
pump in the tank this is a plastic tank
some tanks are metal if you have a metal
tank the fuel pump will be a little
different than this over here on the car
you follow and you see that we have an
accumulator this is not the fuel filter
some cars have a fuel filter here but
this is an accumulator what you do is
you go to the straps and undo the straps
and drop it down before you get started
if you have fuel in the tank you'll need
to take off this cap right there right
there and that's the hole where you'll
put your siphon hose right in there
and siphon the fuel out of the car be
sure that you cut prop your car up on
jack stands that are able to hold the
weight so that you don't have any
accidents or or a car fall on you one
other thing you can do to know if it is
your fuel pump disconnect the fuel line
right here this is your fuel rail
disconnect the fuel line right here just
squeeze those tabs and it pops off turn
your motor over if no fuel comes out of
that
you have a plugged filter or else if
your pump is bad for those of you who
would like to see what the fuel pump
looks like and may not know this is the
old one right here what you see is the
line where the fuel goes in this is your
electrical connector here that just has
a red clip you push the red clip
sideways and that unhooks the fitting
from that electrical connector the fuel
pump there's a great big washer here
it's made out of rubber you'll need to
put a little bit of grease on that as
you put it in so it slides easy at the
end of the fuel pump you have a filter a
screen to filter your things in the tank
and this is your gas gauge so if you
want to do this job it's not that bad
you all need a special wrench to undo
the nut I bought this one here this is
an oil filter wrench and it expands up
you know large enough to grab that nut
that's an oil filter wrench and I
couldn't find anything else that someone
could advise me and what what to use so
hope this has helped